I came here to marry
you, obviously!
Oh, right, marry me, obviously.
Wait, what?!
Excuse me? You're the princess
of Amidonia, aren't you?
So what are you talking about?
It's pretty obvious, Sis,
you did the same thing.
What did you call me?
My sweet sister Liscia.
Let's focus on your betrothal.
After all, you used the
engagement to make Souma's
rule legitimate.
I-- How could you
possibly know that?
Never underestimate
a merchant's network.
Anyhow, the same applies to me.
If Souma wisely decides
to marry me,
he gains legitimacy to govern
the Principality of Amidonia.
That's a good thing.
Yes, you're right,
but while I felt that way
about our engagement to start,
I now genuinely wish
to support his rule
as this nation's king.
As time's gone by, I have even
developed feelings for him.
It's not just me.
Aisha and Juna have
chosen to stand by Souma
of our own will, and not
because it's strategic.
We are happy just to be
at His Majesty's side.
Yes, of course.
[ROROA] Ah, sounds like
there's no problem, then.
You know, I'm quite
fond of Souma myself.
I've seen him on the
Gemstone Broadcasts,
and he's even better
looking in person.
By the way, since
we're on that subject,
why not set aside time
on the broadcasts
where you promote local
wares for a small fee?
It's just a thought, but
I bet there are quite a few
merchants who'd be happy to pay.
Good idea.
How did I miss that?
Never in a million years
did I think someone
who's never seen a TV
would come up with the idea
of running commercials.
She's right, though.
If it works out, the ads
could help cover the cost
of producing the programs.
Based on what I've seen,
I'm sure you can lead both
the Kingdom of Elfrieden
and Amidonia.
In the immediate future
and into a prosperous
new era as well.
Not to mention,
it's always been my goal
to marry someone who's
as fascinating as you.
And you're sure
you're okay with this?
I mean, I am responsible for
the death of your father, Gaius.
If you're gonna bring that up,
then you should know
I'm the one who drove
my brother out.
Sorry?
I told you, I have connections,
and together we arranged
for multiple uprisings
to break out.
So those rebellions
that were happening
simultaneously we're
orchestrated by you?
You seriously didn't catch on?
[laughs]
Pretty crafty of me.
[SOUMA]
Yeah.
So don't worry about my old man,
'cause I betrayed my own family.
Although, it's not like
I feel absolutely no guilt
over it.
On the battlefield,
it's kill or be killed.
Nothing you can do about that.
Amidonia's a very poor country.
While we have mineral
resources, that's about all.
As for our food
self-sufficiency,
calling it low would be kind.
Colbert and I worked desperately
to find more money.
Right?
Indeed.
Unfortunately, the funds
that the princess
and civil servants
raised were taken
and diverted into
military expenditures.
[ROROA] Women were
forced to sell their bodies.
families sold children
so they would have fewer
mouths to feed.
It's the people who
end up suffering.
Whenever I think back
on how shortsighted
my father and brother were
about Amidonia's future,
it gets me so damn frustrated!
What we needed
wasn't more weapons!
It was jobs and food!
I'm so sorry.
[ROROA]
I don't want your pity.
I know who supports me--
my family Grandpa Herman here
and my Big Brother Colbert.
As well as all my aunts and
uncles in the principality.
Those are the people I'm
really trying to look out for.
[SOUMA] Julius abandoned
Roroa because he thought
his sister might become
a political rival.
But she understands
the importance of family.
And how it's not restricted
to who you share blood with.
Just one more question.
There was another
uprising in the northwest.
Julius managed to suppress it.
Did you start that one,
too, Roroa?
There's no way I would
ever sink that low!
We all suffered greatly
because of that insurrection!
Then that particular riot
broke out on its own?
That's not true, either.
What is on the northwest
border where the violence
originally broke out?
The Lunarian Orthodox
Papal State?
When it comes to religion,
borders don't mean anything,
and there are tons of
Lunarian Orthodox up there.
More than likely,
the Orthodox Papal State
incited the riot in the form
of a papal decree to
all their adherents.
In fact, they were probably
planning to send in
their forces under the
pretense of protecting
their faithful.
Leave it to the
black-robed minister!
See? He gets it.
[clears throat]
But the northwest isn't exactly
a land of plenty, is it?
I don't see why the Orthodox
Papal State would capture it.
You don't really get it,
do you, Souma?
It's not the land
that they're after.
it's potential believers.
All the oppressed citizens
complaining about living
under the thumb
of Amidonian lords.
If they're taken into the
Orthodox Papal State,
watch what happens.
No matter how difficult
their new life is,
there won't be
another complaint.
They'll claim their hardship
is a trial put upon them
by God.
That's about as bad as it gets.
Roroa, what are your
feelings on the Lunarian
Orthodox Church?
While I have no problem
with the religion,
what I absolutely loathe
are the ones who use it
line their pockets or
other shameless acts
in the name of faith.
I could go through life never
having to witness that.
You're not being realistic.
It's not an issue of if their
nation will contact you,
but when.
Why's that?
It's not like I'm
a religious man.
Well they hate the Star
Dragon Mountain Range
as much as they hate
the Gran Chaos Empire.
Huh? I can understand why
they would detest the latter.
They're a country of
intelligent dragons,
and steadfast worshippers
of the Mother-Dragon faith.
One of the two great religions,
besides Lunarian Orthodoxy.
When different faiths
start bickering,
things can get real nasty.
But why would the
Gran Chaos Empire be--
[JUNA] Your Majesty.
May I speak freely?
You've heard of Empress
Maria of the Gran Chaos
Empire's works--
how she's been called a saint.
However, in Lunarian Orthodoxy,
the certification of a
saint is expressly reserved
for the pope.
Claiming to be one without
permission would be
unthinkable to them.
Basically, in the eyes
of Orthodox Papal State.
Maria is a woman
beyond redemption
who's posing as a saint.
But the people are the ones
who started calling her that.
It's not as if Maria gave
that title to herself.
As if that makes any
difference to them.
If they admitted that saints
just spontaneously appeared,
it would reflect poorly
on their faith.
Well, be that as it may,
I don't see why they
would be encouraged
to reach out to me.
You really don't have any
idea what you're worth,
do you?
You're the ruler of
Elfrieden and the annexed
Amidonia as well.
Not only that, you're the
one behind the kingdom's
phenomenal rise in power.
Could you imagine what
would happen if the pope
gave you the title
of Saintly King?
In no time flat, we could
create the Holy Kingdom
of Elfrieden together,
and it would become
a powerful rival even
to the empire.
[SOUMA] In order for a church to
make its authority unassailable,
it grants religious status
to those who are in power.
Apparently, it happens
throughout history,
no matter the world.
Well, that's enough talk about
the Orthodox Papal State.
Let's get back to the
"marrying me" part.
Gah...
Well, Souma?
You can be totally honest.
Do you want me or don't you?
I do.
After all, the benefits
are beyond great.
Marrying her would
give me the legitimacy
to rule Amidonia.
She's also appealing
as a human resource.
Not to mention she has
advanced economic thinking,
like coming up with ad revenue.
I'll bet she put that network
of merchants together
on her own, too.
[SOUMA]
And she has a heart.
Not only did she raise
money for her people,
but she had the courage
to cross her own brother.
What are your thoughts, Liscia?
You should already know
whatever you deem necessary,
--I'm fine with.
--Huh?
What's that expression about?
From what I've seen,
this girl is quite competent.
And I believe she would
be worth welcoming
as one of your line of queens.
If you will make certain to
deal with succession issues,
I've no objections.
That is my only stipulation.
How about the two of you?
The more allies we
can have, the better.
Whatever decision
His Majesty makes,
I have no intention of
speaking out against.
Everyone, thank you.
All I ask is that you make
sure to take care of us, too.
You know I will.
I do hate to interrupt this
beautiful little love-fest,
but concerning succession,
you don't have to worry.
I'm not interested
in the throne.
Are you serious?
Yep. Just one thing.
I've a teensy favor
to ask, darling.
Wait! "Darling"?
You see,
I want to be in charge
of my own business.
Don't get me wrong.
I think your policies are
visionary and all, darling,
but you can't exactly
budget for everything
all the time, right?
Uh, well, I--
I suppose not.
Implementing research
and development findings
always take some time.
Told you, darling.
Whenever you have a policy
that doesn't fit your budget,
just let me know.
I'll give you exactly
what you need.
Huh?
By using my own
talents to earn money,
I wanna see just how
much I can transform
this kingdom.
I'm encouraged to
hear you say that,
but are you so certain?
To be blunt, if a queen
behaves like a merchant,
won't all the people
look down on her?
And I've given that a
great deal of thought.
I'll be working
behind the scenes.
Sebastian, the owner
of the Silver Deer,
will be its face,
and nobody will be the wiser.
The Silver Deer?
Oh, I remember.
Oh, quite the opposite.
One of them was a very charming,
albeit cunning little devil.
So that charming
little devil of a client
he was talking about was you.
Why am I not surprised?
Little devil?
Just you wait.
I'll strangle you
for that, Sebastian.
Though the "charming" part
does fit me perfectly.
[COLBERT]
Excuse me.
Since I'm about to be
in charge of the treasury,
would it be all right
if I said something?
What's all this, Colbert?
You're already the
kingdom's finance minister?
If I may be so bold, Princess,
with that amount of capital,
I'd prefer you put it
in the treasury.
Out of the question!
How come you're both on
the same page about this?
It's fine. These will be
my own personal assets.
If we have her budget,
we can carry out
our internal affairs
more easily.
But Your Majesty...
It's a matter of
separating duties, isn't it?
I'll make money,
darling uses it.
Meanwhile Colbert
will rein us in.
That works, doesn't it?
One more thing, Darling.
Once we have kids
together, lets agree
they'll take over
the family business.
The only answer
I still don't know
is how many children you want.
I say--
Getting a little ahead of
yourself, don't you think?
Stop invading Souma's
personal space!
No need to be stingy!
Come on.
You two've been
getting it on like crazy.
You've had your fun,
now it's my turn.
No, we have not!
In fact, we've been so busy,
there's been no time for that!
[yelps]
Surely you're joking, Sis.
Don't tell me you
and him haven't...
No, not yet!
[NARRATOR] And so, the
engagement of Souma Kazuya
and Roroa Amidonia
was officially announced.
Coinciding with this news,
the Kingdom of Elfrieden
annexed the Principality
of Amidonia,
creating a new state,
the United Kingdom
of Elfrieden and Amidonia,
otherwise known as
the Kingdom of Friedonia.
I'm pleased we can finally meet.
I'm Maria Euphoria.
[SOUMA]
I'm Souma Kazuya.
It is an honor to meet you.
As you can imagine,
I've been hoping to have
a nice long talk with
you at some point.
I feel the same.
Even here in the empire,
your remarkable
achievements are known.
Well, I didn't do it on my own.
I'm also surrounded
by talented people.
Such a modest king.
It's been said good retainers
follow a good ruler.
Now, moving onto business.
I wish to get right
to the issue, Souma.
Tell me what you're thinking,
concerning the Amidonia matter.
[SOUMA]
Right.
In their eyes,
after the empire went through
all the trouble of
mediating our negotiations,
annexing the country
feels like a betrayal.
[MARIA sighs]
When Jeanne told me
how successfully
the negotiations went,
I was happy to learn how
harmonious our countries were,
and how we had
an ally in the east.
Then again, perhaps that
was a misunderstanding
on my part.
Yes, I'm aware that
the citizens of Van
asked you to reoccupy
them after Julius's return.
Although, the annexation
of Amidonia as a whole
is a different matter.
As you're aware, the
Declaration doesn't recognize
changing borders.
[SOUMA]
Are you absolutely sure?
Even though this
will be a long story,
please allow me to tell it.
Once upon a time,
two gods, one over the east
and the other in the west.
The God of the East
said the following:
"The world was created equally.
Mankind, you shall all
work the fields together,
and shall distribute all
of the crops equally
amongst yourselves."
On the other hand,
the God of the West
said the following:
"The world was created free.
Mankind, you shall all
work the fields freely,
and shall take the crops
that you have harvested
for yourselves."
The God of the East said
to the God of the West:
"Your way of doing
things will make the rich
even richer, and those
who are poor even poorer.
The gap between the
haves and have-nots
will only grow wider until
it's an impassable gorge."
In return, the God of the
West said the following
to the God of the East:
"If someone is allocated
the same share
no matter how hard they work,
then mankind will
lose their motivation.
And all of society
will grow poorer."
The conflict between
the two gods grew so large
it expanded to other
nations that believed in
entirely separate deities.
And it wasn't before long,
the border countries
found themselves in peril.
If the nations of the
Eastern and Western gods
were to ever start a war,
the people living nearby
would be the first ones
experiencing the harm.
And so, together with
the other countries,
they came up with three rules
to prevent catastrophe.
And how does this
fable conclude?
The God of the East's
power continued declining,
and an all-out war
between the two camps
was avoided.
Then everything turned
out all right in the end.
[SOUMA]
For a brief moment, yes.
But soon after, a group of
people staged an insurrection
for their independence
from the multi-ethnic state.
Unless their independence
is acknowledged,
the very principle of
ethnic self-determination
would be violated.
The problem is if their
independence is recognized,
then it would mean
allowing all the borders
to be altered.
Therein lies the issue.
The nations that made
these rules were ultimately
paralyzed by them.
So you're saying the fable
you told is no different
than what's happening
with Amidonia?
Yes.
The Declaration is clear.
It gives the right for ethnic
self-determination.
[SOUMA] Signatory nations
have no choice.
If the Amidonian people
take such actions,
they must recognize them.
And yet, we cannot
recognize the change
of the Amidonian border,
as stated in Article One.
What a disaster.
So many inconsistencies.
You don't notice them.
Not until events make
the contradictions evident.
Ah, so that is why
you did not sign onto
the Mankind Declaration
when you became king?
Yes. I just couldn't.
It's a pitfall for any
multi-ethnic nation
such as ours.
It's sad to hear this news.
We're a multi-ethnic state,
the same as Elfrieden.
But the fact is...
I already know.
Unfortunately, we cannot
afford to abandon
the Mankind Declaration
just yet.
See, even if the path may
lead to our destruction,
my wish is to stay
a symbol of strength,
and to continue
inspiring the people,
giving them a sense of hope.
It is infinitely clear that
mankind must be united
if we are to stand against
the Demon Lord's Domain.
If only for a short while,
the empire will keep
the banner aloft
to bind the hearts
of Landia's people together.
Now I can see the reason why
you're known as a saint.
It's a worthy title.
Now that you've explained,
I understand your thinking.
As head of the Declaration,
I will not object to the
annexation of Amidonia.
That is a promise.
I really appreciate
your understanding.
Well? What kind of lady
is this Roroa Amidonia?
I'm not quite sure how
to answer that question,
but if anyone did come
out on top of this
whole affair, without a doubt,
it would have to be her.
[MARIA laughs]
I guess things didn't
go exactly as planned
for you either, did they?
[laughs]
Moving on to the machinations
by the Lunarian
Orthodox Papal State.
[SOUMA]
Based on what Roroa told me,
they're offended by
the title the people
have given you.
That is true.
We've received several
"complaints," we'll call them,
objecting to the fact
I have been referred to
as a saint.
That being said,
I did not take the
title upon myself,
so there is little I can do.
It places you in
an awkward position.
Not like you can demand
that people to stop
calling you a saint.
Basically, the Orthodox
Papal State will act.
They'll probably remain a
potential enemy of the empire.
And just like Roroa said,
they may approach me
to join forces.
When that time comes, do you
wish to curry their favor?
Do you wish for their influence?
I hope you didn't
get the wrong idea!
I don't want a thing to do
with their authority.
I understand your sentiments.
The Orthodox Papal State
can be a real headache.
[SOUMA] Let me guess,
you have many believers there
in the empire.
Yes.
In the eyes of their
devoted, the Declaration
means nothing to them.
In fact, there's a chance
they may even attempt
to exploit the contradiction
you've discovered.
If mankind is fighting
one another,
the Demon Lord's
Domain will win.
As long as we're divided,
the Orthodox Papal
State knows this.
[SOUMA]
I'm not entirely convinced.
The more chaotic
the times become,
the more powerful
religion becomes.
That's because it provides
an answer to anxiety
and discontent.
The possibility of "salvation."
Now that the Demon Lord's
Domain has appeared,
the Orthodox Papal State
can feed on the people's
desperation and become an
incredibly powerful force.
Something wrong?
[SOUMA]
Huh? Sorry about that.
I kind of got lost in thought.
Well, from what
I have been hearing,
that's a somewhat regular
occurrence for you.
Trust me, Maria.
As the ruler over Friedonia,
we will be your allies.
As long as the empire
continues striving
to unite mankind,
we will walk with you.
When it comes to
our two great nations,
I believe that they
complement each other
and can deal with anything.
Yes.
I am hopeful this
pact we've made here
will last until the end of time.
Your Majesty.
How'd the conference go?
I'd say it was fruitful.
You've had the chance
to speak with Jeanne
as well, right?
Yes. We had some very
practical discussions,
and I'm pleased to report
they've also borne fruit.
I bet.
And on that subject,
there's a mountain
of bilateral negotiation
paperwork in your office.
[SOUMA]
I want the empire.
No, I want Maria
to be mankind's hope.
The people need
a beacon to follow.
That way, they won't
lose heart even in
the darkest times.
And have to rely
on gods instead.
They'll have the strength
to get back up
on their own.
[LISCIA] Just what do
you think you're doing?
This is too much, Your Majesty!
[SOUMA]
Huh?
Oh, hey. Good morning.
I hope you two slept well.
Don't you dare
"good morning" us!
[SOUMA gasps]
What is Roroa doing in my bed?
Someone explain what's going on!
We're the ones who deserve
an explanation, mister!
Aisha burst into my room
in tears, so naturally,
I asked her what's happening.
She said, "I went in
to wake His Grace,
but then I found him
in bed with the princess
from Amidonia!"
What in the world
compelled you to make
a move on her before the
princess or myself, Majesty?
Where's your sense of loyalty?
Take it easy! Look!
Me and Roroa are both
still in our clothes!
Which means what
you think happened
probably didn't, right?
Make sense?
Why does it sound like
you're not completely sure?
Because I can't remember
what happened last night.
Wait! It's all coming
back to me!
I was discussing
the Amidonia tax system
following annexation.
Roroa and Colbert both
joined in the conversation,
and we must have
stayed up late talking.
Hey, Roroa, wake up.
It's already morning.
I'm awake.
What is it, my Darling?
How come you're
sleeping in my bed?
Oh, yeah.
I didn't have the strength
to go to my room last night.
So I just slept in your
bed with you, sweetie.
Watch out-- floor.
Would you be so kind
as to carry her
back to her own quarters, Aisha?
[AISHA]
Yes, as you wish.
What a mess.
You realize this only
happened because you keep
a bed inside your office.
I should smash it up.
Meanwhile, Marx keeps hounding
us, saying we should hurry up
and produce an heir, you know?
Wait just a little bit longer!
I've got other things that
need to be addressed first.
[LISCIA]
What, for example?
Even though it took a while,
the kingdom's internal
affairs are in order.
After annexing Amidonia,
we've only grown stronger,
and likely don't have to worry
about outside threats for now.
[LISCIA]
I suppose.
There's one other thing.
It took me a while,
but I've finally been able
to convince myself
I should be the king.
I'm glad to hear that,
but I'd rather you
came out and said it resolutely.
There is no longer anything
standing in my way.
It's time.
There's no reason for me to
keep holding back, Liscia.
I didn't realize you were.
Surely you noticed.
So far, all of my policies
were chosen to create
as little backlash as possible.
And even during the war,
we made do
with what little we had.
Would you mind explaining
what that has to do
with you keeping Aisha
and myself at arm's length?
Well, let's just say you'll
find that out soon enough.
[LISCIA] Uh-huh,
and when exactly is that?
"Soon enough" means
"soon enough," all right?